Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#759)
Classiq/classiq-library: CONTRIBUTING.md

   - We will provide feedback to ensure your work aligns with the project's direction.  

2. **Fork and Branch**  
   - Fork the repository and create your feature branch from `main`.  

3. **Rebase Only, No Merge**  
   - We **strictly use [rebase](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Branching-Rebasing) only** to maintain a clean and linear commit history.  
   - If your branch contains merge commits, you will need to either:  
     - Open a new PR from an updated branch  
     - Fix your branch and **rebase before merging** into `main`.  

4. **Ensure Compatibility**  
   - Make sure your code runs with the latest Classiq version.  

5. **Submit Your Pull Request**  
   - Open a PR and wait for feedback from maintainers.  

## Continuous Integration (CI) Requirements  

As part of the CI process, you **must** add a timeout value for your notebook in the file:  
📂 `tests/resources/timeouts.yaml`  

- The timeout value should be **sufficient but not exaggerated**.  
- If your CI tests fail, check the error messages carefully.  
- **Common CI failures** are usually due to:  
  - Missing or insufficient timeout values.  

>   - Non-trivial dependencies in the new notebook.  

Reviewer: What should users do if they encounter this error?

## Reporting Bugs  

We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. You can report a bug by [opening a new issue](https://github.com/Classiq/classiq-library/issues/new).  

### **How to Write a Good Bug Report**  

> - Include **detailed** information about the issue.  
> - Provide **background context** and **sample code** if possible.  

Reviewer: Add more details about what info is necessary

Suggestion:

```suggestion
- Include **detailed** information about the issue
    - Provide a minimal **code example** that causes the error
    - Include the error message you get when running the code
- Provide **background context** if possible
    - Include the Classiq version you are using (you can obtain it by running `import classiq; print(classiq.__version__)`)
    - If you think it's necessary, add information about the OS you are using
```
